relnote(117): Range is CORS-safelisted request header (#28733)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/117/index.md

- Fixed a bug where the [Content-Security-Policy](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP) `'strict-dynamic'` source expression was not being enforced in `default-src` directives.
  The behavior now matches the specification where `default-src` directive values are used as a fallback when `script-src` is not provided ([Firefox bug 1313937](https://bugzil.la/1313937)).

- The `Range` header is now a [CORS-safelisted request header](/en-US/docs/Glossary/CORS-safelisted_request_header) when the value is a single byte range (e.g., `bytes=100-200`).

>   This allows for using the `Range` header in cross-origin requests without triggering a preflight request which is useful for requesting media and resuming downloads ([Firefox bug 1733981](https://bugzil.la/1733981)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This allows the `Range` header to be used in cross-origin requests without triggering a preflight request, which is useful for requesting media and resuming downloads ([Firefox bug 1733981](https://bugzil.la/1733981)).
```
